Don't touch him
friend
Is it so big?
Isn't your humanity impolite?
Which school am I from?
How can I get to my third acre of land?
May I help you?
Are you getting old and confused?
Like I said, I'm here for real-world friends
It's okay if you share with your wife
Still in this set of my words
just
Really come to real-world friends
Your men hit me
I crippled him
Alehem broke your rules
You hit him, too?
I also gave money
Let's call it a day.
Ok hahaha
I have something bad
Can you make a friend?
Hey, cut the crap.
Let him go
I know it's my own one-third acre of land
Just stay put.
Don't mess with it
Did the boss just let them go?
Your boss, I've come this far
All by attractive force
Isn't that just a little girl movie?
You don't even blink at the beginning.
This little girl
Not simple